Jules was unable to complete the task in time. Please review the work… (#72)
xNok/infra-bootstrap-tools: website/content/en/docs/gs1.getting_started.md

---
title: "🚀 Getting Started: Deploy Your Infrastructure"
weight: 1 # gs for Getting Started, 1 for first page
---

> This guide walks you through deploying a single-node (expandable) infrastructure on DigitalOcean using the `infra-bootstrap-tools`.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through deploying a single-node (expandable) infrastructure on DigitalOcean using the `infra-bootstrap-tools`.

```

We'll use the `make up` target for deployment and `make down` for destruction.

#### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following tools and accounts:

*   **Ansible:** [Installation Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html)
*   **Terraform:** [Installation Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)
*   **DigitalOcean Account:** You'll need an account to provision resources.
*   **Secret Management Tool:** You'll need a way to provide sensitive data to Ansible.

>     *   **Recommended by Author:** 1Password & 1Password CLI (`op`). [Set up 1Password CLI](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/get-started/). The examples in this guide use 1Password.

Author: ```suggestion
    *   **Recommended (That's what I use):** 1Password & 1Password CLI (`op`). [Set up 1Password CLI](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/get-started/). The examples in this guide use 1Password.
```

#### Deployment Steps

1.  **Clone the Repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/infra-bootstrap-tools.git # Replace with the actual repository URL
    cd infra-bootstrap-tools
    ```

2.  **Configure Secrets:**
    Ensure your chosen secret management tool is set up with all necessary secrets as outlined in the "Configuration - Secrets Management" section above. If not using 1Password, you will need to modify the variable files to reflect your chosen secret retrieval method.

3.  **Deploy Infrastructure:**
    The `make up` command provisions the infrastructure on DigitalOcean, sets up Docker, initializes Docker Swarm, and deploys Caddy and Portainer.
    ```bash
    make up
    ```

> 4.  **Accessing Services (Optional but Recommended):**
>     After the deployment, you can verify its success:
>     *   Check the DigitalOcean console for your new Droplet.
>     *   Access the Portainer UI: The IP address of your server will be output by Terraform during the `make up` process. Portainer typically runs on port `9443` (e.g., `https://<server_ip>:9443`). You might need to accept a self-signed certificate.
>     *   Caddy will also be running, serving any configured sites. Check Ansible logs for details on deployed services.

Author: ```suggestion
4.  **Accessing Services:**
   * Your caddy security portal should be accessible at `https://auth.[YOUR_DOMAIN]/portal`, from there you should have a link to access Portainer, which is waiting for you to set up your admin account. (**Note**: you need to be quick, otherwise Portainer will lock itself, and you will need to restart the Portainer container)
    
```
